README.md, before:

# Infinite Horizons 2
## Overview
[Infinite Horizons 2](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/infinite-horizons-2-superflat-survival) is a remastered and refined 1.21.1 version of my original [Infinite Horizons](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/modded-super-flat-survival) modpack for 1.20.1. This pseudo-skyblock kitchen sink modpack is designed for the player to gather resources starting from a standard superflat world with villages. The nether and end dimensions are unlocked once you have made significant progression in the game. Most resources, even ones that you would usually only find in the nether and end, can be obtained in the overworld through various means.
If you would like to reach out about this modpack, please use one of the following mediums of communication.
- [Issues Page](https://github.com/KCtops6/Infinite_Horizons_1.21.1/issues)
- [Discord](discord.gg/32Wf7NyvA6)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJ7gq2fPgKFPZ409Yxy3-sQ/)
- [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/infinite-horizons-2-superflat-survival/comments)
## Optional Compacts or Addon Mods
To make sure the modpack is not too bloated and has mods you will never use, only the basic mods for the modpack are included. It does not matter if you are interested in tech mods, magic mods, or a mix of both. The following table lists the additional mods you can add, the recommended version, and the minimum game version that the mod has integration. Is there a mod that you would like to be integrated into Infinite Horizons 2? Leave a suggestion!
| Mod | Recommended Version | Minimum Modpack Version |Documentation|
|:----------:|:------------:|:-----------:|:-:|
|[Immersive Engineering](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/immersive-engineering)|ImmersiveEngineering-1.21.1-12.4.2-194|1.21.1-1.0|[Wiki](https://github.com/KCtops6/Infinite_Horizons_1.21.1/wiki/Immersive-Engineering)|
| More Text  | More Text    | More Text   |

Commit message:

Revise optional mods section in README
Updated the modpack documentation to clarify the integration of additional mods and their recommended versions.

README.md, after:

# Infinite Horizons 2
## Overview
[Infinite Horizons 2](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/infinite-horizons-2-superflat-survival) is a remastered and refined 1.21.1 version of my original [Infinite Horizons](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/modded-super-flat-survival) modpack for 1.20.1. This pseudo-skyblock kitchen sink modpack is designed for the player to gather resources starting from a standard superflat world with villages. The nether and end dimensions are unlocked once you have made significant progression in the game. Most resources, even ones that you would usually only find in the nether and end, can be obtained in the overworld through various means.
If you would like to reach out about this modpack, please use one of the following mediums of communication.
- [Issues Page](https://github.com/KCtops6/Infinite_Horizons_1.21.1/issues)
- [Discord](discord.gg/32Wf7NyvA6)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJ7gq2fPgKFPZ409Yxy3-sQ/)
- [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/infinite-horizons-2-superflat-survival/comments)
## Optional Compacts or Addon Mods
To make sure the modpack is not too bloated and has mods you will never use, only the basic mods for the modpack are included. It does not matter if you are interested in tech mods, magic mods, or a mix of both. The following table lists the additional mods you can add and their recommended versions. Documentation about exactly how these are integrated is on the [wiki](https://github.com/KCtops6/Infinite_Horizons_1.21.1/wiki). Is there a mod that you would like to be integrated into Infinite Horizons 2? Leave a suggestion!
|Mod(s)|Recommended Version|Version|
|:----------:|:------------:|:-----------:|
|[Immersive Engineering](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/immersive-engineering)|1.21.1-12.4.2-194|1.0|
|[Mekanism](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism), [Mekanism Additions](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism-additions), [Mekanism Generators](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism-generators), and [Mekanism Tools](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism-tools)|1.21.1-10.7.17.83|1.0|
